we have a three-way jump-off between the
United States Switzerland and Belgium
first of the three to go in the jump-off
here the furiousiy are FBI nations cup
seventh leg division one Hicks that
England
Team USA would have replicated their win
from 12 months ago here in this arena
right that's a new fence surely now we
go into what the gate she's gonna set it
set something to beat hopefully they'll
all have fences all twisted all my
goodness
she jumped that you know in the foot in
the first time we were talking about
coming in on an angle she was on a real
anger real angle well what did we say in
the meeting
anything can happen this is jumping so
never speak too soon right we'll see a
replay where we will we'll see a replay
which I'll be delighted to hear your
views on that and Shelley but what that
basically means is the door is wide open
the Belgium now pressures off they're so
busy Madinah one of the rare days in her
career when things didn't go according
to plan jobs the heaps of pranks with
eight faults on the board
was the devil down to the furies here
except let's come out of this round a
bit cuz of that nice jump of course
incident and 85032 for busy man
well there's a lesson there for all of
us than that yeah shows it can happen to
the greatest riders of our day so
America they'll be Ferb whatever happens
Danica
Gannicus bring that double clear Yannick
as per the like busy man Gannicus
brother for Switzerland with four shots
she's jumped two fantastic rounds yes
and this is very important for switch
them because in Division one
and this will shoot them up the
leaderboard which will be very
significant because they of course want
to be a valuable pure Asiya final in
Barcelona
she's found another good horse
see she straightened up fantastic
you need a good horse to ride like that
to a set of planks
oh she's quick this is electric uniquor
Springer for Switzerland comes to the
last landing clear dock stops
44.1 744 point one seven four yelling uh
Springer and bond shows what a brilliant
round the question is will it be enough
for them to take the number one spot on
the podium here at Hickson this weekend
what a great great round from unique
aspirants and potshots for Switzerland
they'll and flair so Peter do us right
see the horses had quite a bad last
round so it's he's thinking he had up
disappointing you know only four faults
in the first round but he they
discounted school for both he's gonna
give it a fair crack that's exactly
forty four point one seven to beat sent
by the Swiss rider unique his brother
this mighty jump is gonna jump gallop
Danny let's pick up equestrian sport
competitive us did not realize that he
is discomfort at the winning round at
the Hicks Ted furious here FBI nation's
Cup what a brilliant seems here at hick
said I'm not even sure he can still
believe it that it's a water choice from
dirt dummies
yes he's chosen the rider yeah there is
dirt them ISM he's chosen the rider who
has the disk are scored in both rounds
that shows a man who really knows what
he was doing
well what fantastic seeds here as
Belgium take the hundred points because
they were one of the teams that can
could win points here this weekend they
won in sand garland they've won a Hixton
their road to Barcelona is already
complete they will be there but what
incredible seeds here a Hicks though
this has been jumping at its best